
15:48 - plan to get this um based on the knowledge, your tools, um actually a very detailed and straightforward plan we have in mind. Um but um yeah, we should discuss that. Okay. Now, now start for you check platform because uh construction platform inside all. Because uh we have my vision, no? And it's very important to go for uh inside the vision. Yes. Now, you check all because in the this platform I have three three optional. Yes. Uh Charles, please check platform. Now explain for Figma because now finishing 50 days, done. Still in the Figma. Explain, yes. So, so initially we are already working on the development is already going on, but I think we should


15:49 - already looking on the development is already going on, but I'm just showing the 60 on the process. I like this. It's not that we still have to present my only. It's just 15 days left. So 80% is done. So the bike is done. Now you're working on connecting the bike into the phone. Beautiful. Yeah, so like, uh, so this is the thing. So initially when you're coming, we really want to give a good idea about the whole industry, what is all happening. And it's like an educational thing. So people can see about the overall market, what's happening in the market, everything. For educational. So after this, if they if they want the other parties, they are the. So this is the user dashboard. This is not user dashboard. This is when the user comes into the open.io. They see this first. They see that. It's an educational.


15:50 - You see that? This is like educational thing. Don't say it's but this is educational. Yes, yes. 12 page only education. Only education. It's too complex. You need to simplify it a bit. And people prefer white. From my experience in investment, black is not good. You need to give the two option, dark and light, but you need by default to give the light version. Something that you can do in one day. But it's very important for the user. Okay. Depend what you want for more institutional or more retail. Yeah, but this is easy because before I have, no? Maybe I have. All platform is very important for you all because this is a very big platform construction for white label. This is it's good that it's market overview of the dashboard. I understand you see all the tokens that been issued.


15:51 - understand you see all the tokens that been issued on the platform. Go down, go down. So your objective is to deploy issue only token only your token or so to propose to other project to get tokenized in your platform. In in education all market, all world market. World market. 12 page only for education. This is very nice for where you take the data, where you take the data. After people go. After the user wants to create the login part for the create account part, you're going to this user flow and will be moving forward if it is creating the account something here.


15:52 - account for very nice. Do something here. We've been for the KYC here. Okay, I'm going to KYC. You can check. And after that, So first you log in, you sign up. I just log in if there's an account. Oh, there's no KYC. You want to directly KYC? It's not good to to directly. Let the user see the project. Let him go until the investment. So just before when you click on invest now, put the KYC. Not directly because, you know, investors want to be excited about the investment opportunity. So they sign up, very simple. Email address and add the Gmail. You know, when you sign up with Gmail. Yeah, yeah, Google sign in. Yes, it's most of the sign it like that. No need confirmation, no need like to receive a code. Google sign in. After, then you need to see the project.


15:53 - after they need to see the project. What they want to click on the invest button, the KYC to appear. Okay. They need to be able to see all the detail of the project. So it's better. Okay. And here like after we wait until the verification is confirmed now. Yes, you you have your own KYC verification system. No, currently I'm using API for like some some. Okay. So after that, we'll be moving forward to the existing project. Okay. Nice, very nice. I like it. So different assets. So this is your project. No, no, but only imagine. But No, no, no. But the Yes, this is Yes, of course. So the ones that you tokenize with your legal structure. Okay. So not all the market. No.


15:54 - the market. No. I have two line, okay? This is very important because no problem for license without license. In this point, you possible open two line because maybe take now license in Mika, no, in Europe. We put organization asset direct only registry, the register share. You understand? Where you people go or maybe go all together, both project coming, but in you in GCC now, no, I have closed this line, open working only for register. Right? So, okay, how you how you want to market to platform to do marketing? No, now, now finish it.


15:55 - finish explained up this for marketing for all. So like here we can just categorize it. It is beyond things like the difference of here. Tokenized part here. And by sales of the details about it. Yes. And this is all the detail about the token. Yeah. So here it's use cases and But you have on the back end. Yeah, back end. Right, on the back end you can track all the transaction to know the exact price of the token. You have that? Yeah. So imagine, imagine the token is $100. I sell it and now the price is 95. You know how to track the price and it will be on the graph. So the new price is 95 like you show. Yeah, it's real time. It just updates. It's updates real time from the transaction. Okay. What happened in your platform? Uh yeah, so it's like module, right? For example, which


15:56 - it's a it's a module, right? For example, each project we just work on it separately and attach it using the APIs. So we just real time this know the price of the transaction. So it's with a call like one when one call is synced. Yes. Okay. Because it would be it's very hard even for me it's hard to track. Because most of the transactions of institutional investor not happen in the platform. Sometimes they just want to do a bank transfer. So for you to be able to check on the secondary market. So imagine you you finish to sell all the tokens. Okay? All the token is is done. Now, Constantine has 50 token. I have 50 token. If Constantine want to sell to Mohammed, okay? 10 token. They can make their agreement together. Because at the end they they sell equity of an SPV for a company. So they make the agreement together. Constantine sell on chain on the platform.


15:57 - together, Constantine sell on chain on the blockchain the token and they do a venture. Are you will know the price that we together. So you understand my point, it's not that easy. Maybe I something that I don't see, but especially with institutional investor on the secondary market. Primary market, you fix the price. How can you technically connect the token to the platform that if the tokenized share gets traded, that the platform gets a notification. Yes, you can do that, but at the end, tokenization is private equity. Yeah, you said it. So you would in theory only realize it gets. You cannot share transfer, but you will not immediately know for how much. Or you want to do full crypto. But I don't advise you. No, no.


15:58 - fully crypto. But I don't advise that. No, no. Okay. Because if it's fully crypto, you see, you transfer the tokens, you transfer the money, you know the amount of USDT. No problem. But 95% of the transaction is fiat. I see right now. But uh, okay. But it's not mandatory to put all this stuff. Even it's not that important. That's a good point, right? Yeah. I mean, at the end of the day, to be, you know, full disclosure, how do we make money? Yeah. With transactions. If we do not know, there's a component which can be like It's a little bit like the old, good old eBay process, huh? Back in the days when I was uh uh buying from him, but I wrote, let's let's get off from here and let's transfer it directly, you know? Right? So we can still do that. Okay. Okay, I get it. Any other questions?


15:59 - This is all the transaction. Uh I mean like, yeah, so like we just clicks on buy, so the user flow will be normal like. And here when you want to sell the user flow. Yes. So do do people need to sign an agreement when they buy the token? Uh no, directly. Directly. So you pass the KYC? Yeah, after KYC it's like a trading platform. Like an exchange. How will you do that? It's not. Because, okay, at the end the token represents share. This represents a firm. It's just a digital share. Represents equity. So you can do that. It's okay. But you need when people sign in to the platform on the pass the


16:00 - sign in to the platform, when they pass the KYC, there is a click a button that say that every time that they buy a token, they know that they buy a share of a company and they would be on the cap table of the company. Or, for example, in my platform, each time that someone buy a token, you need to sign an agreement. So you have a docu sign and you will sign. Yeah, share holding agreement, right? Share holding agreement. Yes. So, this is how we should be if they're not going to have a license, we have to do that. Oh, this is a fast, fast process because it's not possible, yes. Yes. No, but the platform maybe when when no real asset direct, but share take maybe two days, one days for reply, yeah. Because no in fast. Yes. This is very important because if you understand contract


16:01 - because if you understand contract, but this also you need to speak amounts. I say the minimum amount. minimum 100k or 250. No, I mean small amount. I'm talking. No, it's right now those things are just it's like the infrastructure is currently. Yes. But what's your objective? What's the minimum price per token that you want to sell? I know. Small amount or big amount? I think small. Why? Because I know. But minimum, I think minimum $500. For share, for token direct, for when I have license, $1. But for share, minimum, I think minimum $500, no? But when you tokenization real asset direct with license, what you want? Right? Which


16:02 - Right? Which network you use? Uh so that is also like I mean like Which blockchain? No, it's start now no use blockchain. Now only platform construction. Why me no call before? Because now finish platform. Wait, finish platform. Finish. Explain the whole platform. So like now this is the basic platform. Normally the like SP fractionalization, the whole digitalization of the market here. So like submit request. So in that case we can't use any word like right? Like buy and sell. So we use this word in order to protect us. This is the initial, this is how we go inside the market. You know, of course. So yeah, so this is the flow. We just type the amount, requesting, we submit the


16:03 - requesting, submit a request and create a payment password. Organization, organization before it. Okay. So all the backend for that is is is ready. This is ready. Registration back back in the street. Only for the token, we have to have the blockchain part. Yes, okay. Very nice, very nice. I like it. Just the color. This is my only thing. But uh yeah, very user-friendly. I guess you said make the cases to as so often on any kind of. En de page, you are schlecht. You are the button. You like which I have for 110, how much percentage? Yes, okay. I'm just using for the


16:05 - for the use for the for the interior, you put everything. You put the wallet, you put the listing, you put the dashboard. And more tasks coming for after, not now. And after stop spoke for this. Maybe very good opportunity for what? Similar concept for Spack. Spack, Spack. Spack. Why? I was more than betting in the days, but still remember the name. Open one SPV. Put money inside. When coming good project, very good project. Money I have. Okay. Very fast. In times where there was no interest rate and money was basically for free. Americans, as so often, invented


16:05 - is so often invented legally specs where you and me said we are a private equity firm, we collected money and then we went for an IPO of a company with zero operation, but with a clear defined shareholder agreement that we want to invest into healthcare in 16 months. We want to invest the 100 million which we have, right? And the beauty was for immediately. Because we know how intense the process is for an IPO. That's by the way why we all love. This is very nice for this concept. Yes, because you open SPV, okay, one SPV for 10 million. Digitization of action share, a minimum interest 10% for year. When


16:06 - 10% for year. When one good project, very good, similar concept, but not stock market, but digital asset. It's like the new IPO. Close. It's an IPO, but it's an SPV for the private sector. But it's not public. If I don't want to get back, I want to raise bigger amounts. Yeah, it's independently from that. I mean, we all know you start with you to make the structure simple by digitizing and tokenizing. Yes. But the entire legal process. I mean, we all know it's after me and you. Me stop. No. Me stop. Especially if it's a venture.