
16:07 - for the different entities from Middle East to Europe, to Asia.


16:07 - is to Europe, to Asia. I mean, yeah, it's it's it's it's yes, you at least need to have one in-house counsel and then you have like 15 different law firms which you appoint for too much money, yes. Yes. Then now I spoke with my Luna, but we'll take it later. One day we have to make now with the new tools, uh, an image of I want to see her. Okay, quindi volevo, okay, volevo sapere un tuo feedback che già mi hai dato, un punteggio da 1 a 10, 9, è molto alto. E adesso vorrei parlarti di tutta la parte legale, di tutta la parte di infrastruttura legale, come possiamo poi procedere per uscire sul mercato al meglio. Okay, so I wanted to know your feedback, which you already gave me. The score from 1 to 10, 9, it's very high. And now I would like to talk to you about the whole part, about the whole legal infrastructure part.


16:09 - about the whole legal infrastructure part, how we can then proceed to go to market at least. Quindi noi abbiamo dei universali che l'ombrello e la società è proprio adatta per l'attività che stiamo svolgendo, perché tutte le nostre società sono entrate in degli universali, per ogni piattaforma c'è una società a sé, quindi abbiamo aperto una società che si chiama Open Real, sta l'ufficio di sopra, non so se già te l'avevo mostrato e all'interno c'ha l'attività proprio per poter svolgere questo tipo di attività. In più abbiamo l'altra società Vision che poi ne parleremo con calma e tutte le altre società, tutte all'interno di questa holding di Abu Dhabi. So we have the universe, which is the umbrella, and the company is actually suited for the activity we are carrying out because all our companies have entered the universe. For each platform there is a separate company, so we have set up a company called Open Real. It has the office upstairs.


16:10 - called Open Real. It has the office upstairs. I don't know if I had already shown it to you. And inside it has the activity to be able to carry out this kind of activities. In addition, we have the other company Centuria E-vision, which we will talk about calmly later, and all the other companies, all inside this holding of abundant here. Okay. Yes. I have one holding, holding, but no general holding. Holding for it's a for asset. I just open now holding. So in DFC. And all company, I have Open Real in the University. the University. Centra Vision, show one second platform Centra Vision. Centra Vision, I have a license in Abu Dhabi in the University. Brooks in the University. All


16:11 - felt in the university for and now in gold background for Constantine, take maybe seven or eight company in the world. One is like, one, one German, one Italy, good background, maybe merge because it's very important now when going in the market. I will take all this. So, I know that you are from the software business. So you want to your objective was to sell white label and software for people who want their own tokenization platform, right? Or you want to do you want to list? So if, for example, someone come to you and say, I want you to list for me.


16:12 - you to race for me. So you can list the project in your your objective is to list the project in your platform, not to create another one. If come to you, Flavio, I want my own platform. You do or you don't? You know this is not the business object. This is maybe because this I have a white label because you do everything from zero. Yes. So you have you know people take white label for for for your kind of business, but you have the full code. You understand? The power that you have, it's crazy. You have everything from A to Z. So it's also a very big business. Those one second for this platform after come back because important to you understand all concept. But this for this project me work 2023 for very focus for data center. Data center. This this platform focus for data center.


16:13 - this platform focus for data center. Please explain in two minutes this all platform and because of. Okay. So like here there's two lanes, right? So like one is for GPU capacity and one is for Bitcoin mining. We obviously we pay out and we get our amount through the payout. Uh there's mining is so we give hash rates, we let people use the hash rates and the mining is. So here in the GPU part we sell the GPU capacity and we just also we rent the GPU capacity for the off-takers, like a GPU as a service kind of thing. So like the off-take off-takers like we can be AWS, anyone can rent our GPUs or some people even can like we can rent it and sell it inside or some people can it's like an infrastructure. It helps the investors. What's your mining? What what's the mining opportunity? Uh I mean like Like you mine Bitcoin, you mine uh crypto mining machine. But but in in this platform we put


16:14 - in in this platform we put a new machine because new machine coming 2027. Yes. Because inside I have a AI. And I have 61% more than the old one. Yes. Now 2027, all people change machine. Yes. We're coming with But you might call only Bitcoin. No, Bitcoin. Only Bitcoin. Well, this machine which you want to buy, or Bitcoin, because it's a Bitcoin. So you can mine also Ethereum, you can mine other crypto. You want because this is my machine. No. Yes, it's a machine. Yes. And you you're looking at the return on investment, so this is the most important. Okay, continue. So like after that, the user will get the investor will get a point where they can track all the things like GPU capacity, right? So located and how it's performed, who's the off-taker of the people, how much the GPU


16:15 - who's the offtaker of the paper, how much the GPU is performing. Mining is like more simpler than the GPU part, uh which is very direct. But GPU is a bit uh complex like people can say, but both mining and GPU both has a proof center where they can assure that functioning health issue. They can track every single thing about what the hash rate and the capacity.


16:16 - It's it's in the market. It goes me when people invest, come in invoice. Similar when you buy charge. Yes. Everybody buy. Now I buy 200 per month cloud. You know cloud. What is your subscription? I have three four three four cloud. You have three account at 200 per month? Yes. But I use of that. I have how many? 50 45. I have 45. I know he's talking about open cloud. He's setting up an open cloud. Yes. Okay. Developer too much. But cloud, you use cloud. Cloud, yeah. We have three accounts. Three accounts.


16:17 - How many developer you are? Uh so currently like we You are CTO? No, I'm not CTO. I'm just here as. He's very experienced. Yes. So how many developer you are? Too much, too much. No, too much in India. How much? Uh maybe 25 in India. How much you pay per month? Total amount maybe 250. But not only for this platform. So send service provider. So you are very good quality. 2,500 per month. Yeah.


16:18 - Yes, but this is different. What's important is a good CTO. This I put, I bet a lot for my CTO, because once you have a good manager, someone who speak their language, can manage everybody. And that with Claude, a developer can work 10 times faster than before. If you know how to use and you give the right prompt. But, okay, I understand. It's very, very nice also, I like. For a bot platform, 10 people total. 10 people bot. Yes. And and what is because I'm not very familiar with AI agent and open floor. What's what's the objective for example, what you did? What you automate? All. Yes. Start CEO and finish.


16:19 - chief CEO and finish people clinic office. Yes. Okay. CEO. Yes. Open page the university for. It was important not means very important. Because now what change. Yes. No. Okay. No. One second. This is the university website. Because very soon people go inside and after inside possible continue for for for investor for platform. Yes. Very simple but more. Yes. It's a WordPress. Oh, okay.


16:20 - Go. No, no, yes. You see, people continue. Okay. Let's connect. Basically, it's about the data that we are there. Basically, the entity of the universe. I am holding and with the other these and the open rails to trade. Okay. It's a current platform. We are going to spread platform. I understand I'm leaving the government's frame. With the permission. You like? Yes. Go in the photo because I just sent you in WhatsApp. Okay.


16:21 - Okay, where is Universal the holding? Yes. ADGM. Yes. This is ADGM. Yes. After Elchai. Elchai where is located? Where is located? DMCC. DMCC. This is our office Elchai. The boss Elchai, you see, I opened two branch. Because this is for the US branch. Yes. This is DMCC US branch. Ah, yes, yes. Open Elchai bought DMCC. What is branch A, branch B? Branch A, branch A are project. Project. Branch B. So it's just this is how we set up the agents. So each layer has like this layer has six agents working with the hard authority like governance agents and stuff. In this layer there will be six other agents will be in the cheap suits. And up in branch A, there are going to be 19 agents working on


16:22 - branch A there will be 19 agents working on the specific project continuously, like researching, like what are the new opportunities, like grounds we can focus on. And branch B focuses on service providers basically. Like we and stuff like that. So we can focus on this is shorter and this is just to make money. This is going to do the research, make more better. Next one. Now challenge, urgent with real people. Yeah. Because now third people work here. Now. And the third agent work alone. Work alone. Alone. This is alone work. But what are the tasks that they do for example? Alone, alone. Yeah, task CEO alone. He understand which is best for your company alone. Give me an example. Like marketing. Marketing campaigns and everything, it will decide and everything. Decide. How to adjust, what to create, if you want to create. Yes. Yes. Currently we are setting it up. They do the the project, the the amount, the budget.


16:23 - the project, the the amount, the budget. Everything. They research the current market. Or the budget. They research the current market and then decide. No. Completely. If you're giving it also, they'll be separately making a separate meta as well. They're allocating a budget for that. It's like an R&D, let's say. But now AI agent can manage the the meta. Can create a campaign from zero. Yes. But not for zero, because this is very important to understand. For which is better for market. Because maybe me not reply, no? When you ask platform white, it's better black, no? But color, no me like market ask. But no me. 1 million people ask the. You understand? Yes, yes, yes. And no, this is very important. But it's very interesting. It's interesting even me for my business.


16:24 - So, you know, to to set up that, you set up that. You have people. Automate campaign, uh, for the reply, for the lead. Let's say you collect leads, it send the WhatsApp automatically, it send the email automatically, this kind of stuff. Next week, sir, next week, you come back. Yes. And check all work for for 45 agent for what is this contact? Okay. Because I understand after. Yes, I won't be there. You know, I wanted to tell you. Now I I meeting with a Monaco government, uh, Friday. Tokenize the title. Monaco. I have a new platform that I did with a big developer in Monaco, called tokenmonaco.com. We tokenize that equity of real estate in Monaco.


16:25 - and equity of real estate in Monaco. And Friday we have a meeting with the government of Monaco to find a way out to integrate the the registry of the title into into organization. So I will be there at least, I'm flying tonight. I will be there for two or three weeks, even more. Yeah, it's a very big project. Yeah, a very big project. Like the DMV tokenization, what they do. We want to do in Monaco. Okay. Very big business. Um, come back three weeks. Yes, I will come back. Maybe, maybe not. No, come back for the finish. Yes. Because it's really important to you today, I understand, no? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because last time I have a final vision, but now I have now you have the platform 90% ready. You see? Yes. And you have Now, wait, finish, translate and after


16:26 - Adesso che ti abbiamo mostrato tutto quanto, ti dico qual è la nostra strategia. Io credo che Constantine la può spiegare bene, così, perché per me questo è il primo pilastro, perché tutto quello che stai vedendo, tutto quello che abbiamo costruito in questo periodo, negli ultimi anni, è stato parte del mio effort economico. Quindi adesso noi vogliamo uscire sul mercato. Innanzitutto per dare soddisfazione a tutte le attività che abbiamo fatto fino a oggi, ma per fare la challenge finale di tutto quello che noi abbiamo fatto, per questo ti abbiamo chiamato a te, perché tu in questo sei bravissimo e vogliamo coinvolgerti e collaborare e quindi trovare poi la finale per poter andare avanti insieme. Now that we've shown you everything, I'll tell you what our strategy is. I believe Constantine can explain it well because for me this is the first pillar because everything


16:27 - it well because for me this is the first pillar because everything you're seeing, everything we have built in this period in the last few years has been part of my economic effort. So now we want to go to market first of all to give satisfaction to all the activity we have done up to today. But to make the final challenge of everything we have done, that's why we have called you because you are very skilled in this and we want to involve you and collaborate and therefore find the final point in order to move forward together. Okay. Okay. I now finish. Constantine understand concept. After understand both open. Yes. The same problem as I have. I only broken with the machine. We have no handwriting anymore. You know, I write just to remember. Because I did not take the paper even with me. Yeah, yeah. But just the fact to write, I will remember everything. So basically, but please interrupt me if I'm wrong. Yes. I understood you have a license, correct?


16:28 - understood, you have a license, correct? So, what we have in mind is basically to run you the license. He has a license. Yes, but not organization license. Yes, I know. Not license if he understand for this project. No, because maybe mistake. No, no, no, no, I don't mean the talk. No, because no, only for this project. Yes. So, because we don't have that. And we act in great on purpose, but in that particular case to digitalize and to raise is a disadvantage. Yes. And here we had in mind to ask you whether we could collaborate and run this with you. Through you. Yes. Because we can't. For now. The day we would have, yes, maybe, but as you know better than I do from what I understood and everything I have received, we do it on purpose to not have a license, but he


16:29 - purpose to not have a license, but here for the initial step, we need someone like you who has the tools, who has the license, um, the right. Yes. Okay, I get it. What you want to raise for your company or you want to raise for your project? Company. For the company. For why? Sorry. Why? Because now stress test, no? For me, because me work for year in this project, all nice. But now, very stress test. Me very expert for marketing. I have all opportunity, all newsletter in the world, in GCC, in Europe. Good for LinkedIn, good for Discord, good for X. You understand this point.


16:30 - this point. My partner now involved in this project, he's him very epic because very important face, no, because from the project, right? Yes. And all clear. This is fast because not possible maybe people come, blah, blah, blah. Yes. And why start for us project? Because fast project in the world, project in the project. Because launch the universal share in overview. How much you want to raise? Now I understand all together because How much money? Okay, I want to raise 5 million for the company. For the ADGM? Yes. Right, just. Do you remember last time when I asked together? Yes.


16:31 - Remember last time when I asked together test project 2026 launch. One platform with us company. Okay. This is a challenge, you know. I will help you. What's your name? Can you go on the website vestascan.com? V E S T A Scan S C A N .com. Okay, what I want you to do. Okay. Click on the program. The program. Okay, can you connect with your Gmail address?


16:32 - Okay. Here you can connect with an email or with a wallet, but automatically it creates for you a wallet only with the email. We call that a wallet list of technology. Let's do a test. Put the the name of the token. There you have a field. T U N. Yes. Put the symbol. Also three letters you need. But this is the symbol. There you put the the the real name, Universi, yes, the Universi, for example. Okay, next step. After that, you need to be careful and to select the number of token you want to sell to the market. So if we say that you want to raise 5 million, we need to issue, for example, 50 token, put in by 50. And the price per token will be $100,000. Okay, this is what we will sell to investors.


16:33 - door. Okay, this is what we would say to investor. Do next step. Max supply it. Put max supply, put how many come back, come back. How many, how many percentage you want to sell on equity for 5 million? Maybe check, no. 10%? No, maybe 25%. 25%. Okay. Right. So I mean at the end it depends, you need three to five million. It depends on the valuation. Yes. Let's say here for the example 25. 25. You put 200. 200. Okay, 200. Yes. Come back, come back. I don't. Yes, come back. Change the name to let's put something else because after it will be really on the blockchain and I don't want to put your name.


16:34 - Just, yeah, put your name. It's try. And for the symbol, put CH. Okay. After, I want you to do it for real. Next step. Next step. Okay, after you need to choose if you want it to be burnable, but you know, and some people omit it all. This is that you can create more token in the future. Revocable and burnable, it's you have control to be able to burn the token or to revoke it. Put next step. Okay, deploy. Okay, the gas fee are free because I take it from my side. Confirm transaction. Okay, now automatically it will create for you a token. Okay, manage token. So you can view your your token in Polygon network. So you should put click view on PolyScan. Okay, here, it will


16:35 - Okay, here, it will ask you to upload the pitch deck of your company. But remind me later. Okay. This is the token. If you go on scan, you see the the go down. Yeah, you see that? Okay. Here you see the the token on the blockchain, it's created. So you created a token on the blockchain. For now, we don't have any value. We need to bring value, we need to bring investor. Go back to the token. Okay. Go on data room. Data room on the top. Data room. You see white list, you see transfer, you see data room. Upload file. Okay. There, you have some different category. So you can choose if it's private or public. Public, you public, you put your pitch deck about your company. So, what is the company? What you will do? Um, all


16:36 - we do. Um, all the website, just a simple presentation that is public that everybody will see. Okay? Customers like the data. Yes, yes. After, in white listing, you put all the private document, the things that you don't want people to see. Your trade license, things that only investor will see. Uh, you put your document there. Uh, you can see category, going category. Okay. So you see all the category. So pitch deck, contract, all what help to convince investors. Come back. Come say. So you need to do that. Come say, come say. Cancel. Cancel. Cancel. After, in settings, settings, you don't setting. No, you see all the data room next to data room. Next to no. Go on my token. Click on this token that you create. Don't say.


16:37 - Don't say things, yes. There you need to put the price of the token. So, you put your website, you put the token description, what it represents, the detail information, you put your logo. You see token logo? You put the logo of Universal. Yeah, you can, no, it's not important. After classification, you go classification. Okay, category. So, you are a startup, right? It's a startup company. After you need to explain what you, what your startup about and all that. So, you need to fill offering, non-offering. You put, you put the price per token, everything. And after that, don't explore token. So, on the, on the left way, next to support, yeah. Here, you see all the projects. So, investor will be able, I will put you on the top. Yes.


16:38 - people. So here we have all the projects that get tokenized, okay? And you will be able, investor will be able to see your project. So go on Tokenized Asset Academy. Okay, you see? They they understand about the project, they can see the website, go down. They see the pitch deck, and investor will be able to show interest. If you click on show interest, so yeah, you can see the deck. And investor will be able to to to show interest like that. You will receive even before we tokenize and we do the legal structure, to see if my community of investor like your project, okay? They will submit a request and you will have Zoom Zoom meeting, okay? I do that for free for you because you have you are more than a partner, you are a friend. So you can I will be able to help you to connect you with investor. Once we see that there is traction and people want to invest,


16:39 - the restructure. If people want to invest, we go for the full structure and to structure the way I know to do, to raise a lot of capital, 5 million. So, right now what I want you to do, I will send you the link, but the link you have it. You create the universal token. You do that, take your time. Do that on the best way. Put your investor deck. Put all the documents that you can. Explain about the project, put your website. Put your structure. You have a SPV and ADGM. It's worth a lot. It's very professional. ADGM, LCI company and all that. You put everything. We're speaking to to institutional investor. So, I want you to do that. Once it's done, you send me a WhatsApp. You screenshot the token that you create, okay? And and I will promote you, okay? For small time, we will receive investor. Once we see


16:40 - we will receive investor. Once we see that there is investor, I will send you the lead. You will be able to contact them one by one. When you are ready, we go for the structure. Okay. But and for start for legally for start now or no? Because I have time, you know. I have one month or 30 days. Why why it start now? For for organization shell. This is after. After. This is after. You want to start now? Let's let's check. Let's check the market. Okay. I have the biggest investor on my platform. Let's check if we receive some interest. You will see by yourself. It will be minimum investment of 1000. Yes, if you deploy it tomorrow, tomorrow, it will take time. I will not promote you. I will promote you maybe next week. But


16:41 - the next week. But we will see. And after that, after this, we create the legal structure, the SPV in BVI for you, all the legal documents that I will do for you. for SPV when promotion the universal. Why people buy the universal? It was inside our company, our platform. Right? Yeah. I guess he told me and understood what he offers to use his platform to raise and to see the interest of investors on the platform. Okay. After it's done, this is this will take you five minutes, okay? And and that you need to do it. After it's done, if you want, we will go for tokenization process. We will tokenize. So we can use my structure, so my SPV, Global will be the I can


16:42 - BVI, this the global holding in BVI. I can allocate the compartment of this holding to your project and we can raise money in dollar, in crypto, in Bitcoin. We can raise in Puerto Rico, my bank account is in Puerto Rico for BVI, or we can raise here in Dubai with my SPV in DC. Um, it's regulated with D. So even investor want to invest in Dubai, they can invest. After we need to make an agreement between my SPV BVI or DC and your SPV in ADGM. When we invest, we take equity. So we can do that. I know how to do that. I'm an expert in my field. Okay? But I don't want to do something because at the end my real money, it's on commission. For for the amount I will raise for you, I will take 3% of the amount I will raise. So I will not take


16:43 - So I will not take the risk even if I like a project. I know what you do. It's the same as me. But I will not take the risk to invest myself if it's not working. For the for the legal side, you know the price, okay? It will cost approximately $12,000. It's not there is that I make the money. I make only one investor. I have but for one second, the future, you know, people listening project in which you can. This is after this is another discussion. Let's do step by step. You need money right now. So let's raise. Let's let's go. Organization is the right way and it makes sense because you are in the organization business. No brainer. No brainer.


16:44 - So that's it. So you put every information that you can to the website. Put there some photo of the office, you know, and the deal. So maybe it's not all that. My question, technical, because we're very important. One thing I want to ask, and it's very important, let's verify. I wouldn't want that if DGM sees that we are doing a token with the DGM license without them knowing anything, they can block the license. So this is something that we need to verify, otherwise we can call the token differently. One thing I want to ask, and it's very important, let's verify. I wouldn't want that if DGM sees that we are doing a token.


16:45 - I wouldn't want that if EGM sees that we are doing a token with the EGM license without them knowing something, they could block our license. So this is something we need to verify, otherwise we can name the token differently. We can name the token differently, it's not important. And you don't need to involve the EGM. No, to involve, but they may be a road check of people spoke. It's private. It's private. Most of the investor are institutional. But do you check this question, okay? Before We have people who who do one-on-one meeting to convince. Yes, I will do it. You will do it. I have one question out of just out of curiosity, since we beforehand discussed the KYC process, that processing of our platform, how do you handle it there? This is not my platform. This is just a platform to check.


16:46 - the platform to check the interest of the investor. People can invest directly, but you need to enter the KYC. For example, people tokenize here. People show interest, they collect. It's like a regular investment. If they want to tokenize, they can tokenize. If they want to invest derivatives, they can invest derivatives. I have another platform that is similar to that you know, that is similar to the one you create, that is direct. You go, you invest, it's like an exchange. This one is different. This one is very different. So you need to enter everything. And there, why do I do that? Because also I don't want to deal with regulator and all that. I just take provider. I just provide my technology. People go and put, even if they put scam, go on explore token. Come back, go up there. Go invest now. Yeah, go on explore token. Go down.


16:47 - export token. Go down. Okay. This is when I verify the token, I put the blue chip. Okay. This is why I make money. Um, because I verify the document, the company and all that. But look, people deploy every minute. So, Vestal Logistic Fund. So you you see, Charlie, you just created something. In the meantime, already nine more. Yes, so you deploy 12 minutes ago. Someone deploy eight minutes ago. Uh, two hours ago, two hours ago now, two hours, eight hours. This is all company. 15. Some people just deploy, you know? But you can deploy only one token by per email address. So every day, you know, Pearl Rush coin, for example. Yeah, he explained about his ID, he put his website. I don't know. Minimum investment $10, go down. So he didn't put any, okay. He put all the document in


16:48 - He put, okay. He put all the document private, so you need to show it to the next. You see every day, but they will not trace because you don't put the right information. You didn't choose to get verified. But if you go on TMC, TMC is a company that you will know them. They are in GLT, cluster V or I don't know. It's a shipping company or in DMCC. So go on the deck. So they, they work, we work together. They choose to tokenize. So they are in this industry. And when you invest, you invest in a, in the ship. So you can buy ship or you can lend them money for them to use the capital. They give 2% interest every three months. So 90 days, 2% interest. Very safe investment. So this is a big company. They will raise funds.


16:49 - the company, they will raise funds. Yes. So yeah, they are quite famous. Okay, guys. Yeah, the owner name Don. Now that will be a great for. Yes. You have two office in. Do we forget any question? No, right? Oh, okay, now go you now go in the mono, right? Yes, to mono. Open marketing document we should. That one you sent. Open marketing document, yeah, the one. Yes, go in the strategy because this this send this document. I will not check amount, but this is my strategy. This is your strategy. Yes, send your this document.


16:50 - Yes, me send your all of these documents and you understand is a strategy, no for amount of all problem or this. Because this is very strong and legal strategy for this process. Yes. Because this this this company I have in the gym. I have this opportunity for organization share. Yes. Why? Because me work for this strategy for all project.


16:51 - strategies for all projects. Yes, your SPP in ADGB is just an SPP. It's holding. Holding, but no, no, no. You have some licenses. Yes, for holding for the asset. You understand? Yes. No holding, maybe for real estate, holding for the. No, holding for the, the, the, the, the, come on, you see in English, you understand? The asset, no? Why is it possible fraction in for token? Yes. But this is very, you see, RC 3643 security token. Yes. We have nothing to lose. I will be happy also to take. I like what you do. I can't.


16:52 - I can help you also a lot with my experience. I mean, for me important that you involved for together because I have good opportunity for take license in Europe. I have opportunity for take license in GCC now. And start very very strong. I have good opportunity for marketing now. Good. What can I do for you? Apart from the from the So you will have the legals cost on you. You will have the verification cost, okay, some management, but it will be small money. I I'm okay if I take instead of taking my commission of 3%, I take equity of the company. And like that, I can really have like


16:53 - that I can really have like involvement. Just transmit, that's very important. Okay. Instead of taking commission for the amount I raise, I take equity of your company. Okay, invece di prendere una commissione per la tariffa che ho fissato, prendo equity della società. For for the raise. Yes. Okay. Okay. But I will take more than the commission. We will raise 4 million, not five, for 20% and I will take 5%. Dunque, raccoglieremo 4 milioni, non 5, al 20% e io prenderò il 5%. Okay. Okay. Va bene, perfetto. Finish. Yes, it's about.


16:54 - I will make your proposition. Okay? I will structure something. What I want from you is just to develop your shop. Okay, very important. And I will make a proposition for you next week. But I see, I will see that. Do you understand? All this? We have we have we have the same. So maybe in in September, I have a license maker. Maybe you will show me. You apply? Not for my way, but one bank, which we work, because only my friend, take a license, complete license, because he will now work only for exchange. But now, me ask, you put our digital real asset inside. Okay. And send me for white label. And me pay commission for all transaction.


16:55 - commission for all transaction. And uh in January start for compliance because you see not similar big compliance for digital asset. And uh maybe, no maybe, but 90% in my uh license uh Mika for digital asset in all July or September. Okay. And uh I think now start now. We will ground Mika ground for something for take our license in GCC. We will take. GCC? Tokenization white label? Now. This is there is a license for that? We in a white label take. But no, no, but for something. Okay.


16:56 - Right. Yes. No, but I can, I can, I can help you. I will help you. If you, if you include me in the project, the value can be amazing. You know my experience. Why you spoke to you from here? No, because last time we know, uh, compete. Honest. We know you, but my, my background. In the back. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you understand. But now you're ready. I have all. All. I have team, I have people, I have, uh, marketing, I have connect, I have all. Okay. And the first three days before, then for the blockchain, what you, you will do for the blockchain infrastructure? For the platform of tokenization. The platform is not ready.


16:57 - J'ai pas son visa ready. We need all the blockchain side. Open real. Open real. Right now the infrastructure, the platform, front end, back end is all ready. When it comes to making the trade, for example, open as part trading, we need a blockchain to trade, right? To like buy and sell blockchain. To issue the token. Yeah, to issue the token. We don't have that we don't have the token set and stuff like that. Only the infrastructure platform is ready. We have to hook that blockchain inside. No, it's at the four. But it's okay. I can add it. But no worry, honest. No worry. No, you can start. If we start, you know, at the end it's money, money talk. No, yes. We'll be able to do whatever we want. And last final for my way, before I have a small problem for going the market because I have a contract with you remember last time I fell


16:58 - We remain with the last time Rockefeller. Okay. I have a contract because this office for 30th, 30th April. I have a contract for Rockefeller because this office for Rockefeller, but now stop. Okay. Stop partnership me. You have this you rent, you rent this office? Yes, yes, yes. Okay, to my license. No. Until when you are the until when? You rent this one for two years, right? For two years. Okay. But understand. Yes. Me repeat anytime because it's important. Yeah, yeah. Before I have, come here, my friend. No, Forza. No, Forza. Break. Break. Yeah, yeah. Break. Break. Break. Now,


16:59 - Now, now you are ready. Now remove all. Now you're ready. Okay. Okay, okay, from your I'm okay with you. Let's do the test. Let's try. Let's see. We have nothing to lose. We can do something good. You will see tokenization, the new thing. I know because I am inside since a lot of time. Almost four years that I'm 2022, I started this. I received so much traction. You see how many people tokenize? I don't do marketing. I don't do marketing, people go. People contact me. Meeting, I refuse meeting. So now, it's it's the moment of tokenization. It will be able to rise, I'm sure. You need to rise. For Constantine, a very good friend, owner for token 349.


17:00 - or the token is 49. You can have a booth there. If you will have a booth, yeah. Maybe, I mean, we should be fair, just recently talked about it. He was my neighbor. Very close to my even the godfather of my daughter. Um, maybe yes. I mean, here it's questionable whether they go to the next next question is from Singapore, Miami. Yes. Okay, okay. Uh, okay, you can pitch the project. Okay, perfect. Okay, guys, I will go. Okay. Uh, we have a WhatsApp group or something? We can create. Let's put it together WhatsApp group. Perfect. Uh, even with you, like that, I know. If you can be also, it's important.


17:01 - Yeah, it's also it's important. I don't know one number, but work in this now. Yeah. What's up, we call Monaco. Yeah, enjoy Monaco. Yes, thank you so much. Okay. Thank you guys. You check your coffee, coffee or No, it's okay, thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. But now you understand why he asked me. Thank you very much. Thank you. 